Are you amazed when you see the work Jehovah is accomplishing through the earthly part
of his organization?
Each year, more individuals are being reached with the good news.
We're blessed with a variety of new spiritual food.
Worldwide construction work is ongoing, and relief aid is provided to victims of disasters.
The government has asked me to convey their deep appreciation for the gifts you give
of your time, energy, and resources to assist with this work.
You may wonder, how do we make sure that we have the financial means needed to care for
all of this activity?
Following the principle at Luke 1428, each year branch offices of Jehovah's Witnesses calculate
the expense of the projects needed and prepare a budget to ensure funds will be available.
Your kind donations play a significant role in this budgeting process.
You're following the principle at 1 Corinthians 16-2.
Here the 1st century congregation was encouraged to plan their financial contributions.
They were told, on the first day of every week, each of you should set something aside
according to his own means.
Your generous and consistent practice of setting something aside helps us to be confident
that the work that's planned can be accomplished with Jehovah's blessings.
In the following video, notice how throughout the history of Jehovah's modern-day organization,
brothers and sisters have benefited from the practice of setting something aside.
Throughout the years, various arrangements have been used to set something aside.
Starting in the early 1890s, an insert was provided in the December 15th issue of the
Watchtower.
Brothers and sisters could send this insert to the branch office to indicate how much they
hope to be able to contribute to the Good Hope's Fund in the coming year.
Starting this method of giving, the Watchtower of December 15, 1896 stated,
knowing in advance what the friends wish and hope to do enables us the better to regulate
the work economically and efficiently.
However, the Watchtower of May 1, 1959, made it clear that this indication was not an obligation.
It said, this is not a pledge, but merely a statement of what one hopes to be able to
contribute during the coming year.
Today, using Donate.jw.org, there are various donation methods available to contribute what
one has set aside.
Recurring donations help to provide an indication of funds that are available.
There's also an arrangement where one can set up a legally executed will to stipulate
what they wish to give to the organization, and this helps the organization plan better
for the future.
They can cancel or change the arrangement according to their circumstances, but it gives them
an opportunity to experience Jehovah's Joy and give it.
When I participated in the disaster relief work, I was really moved to see with my own eyes
how the donations were actually being used.
Because I wanted to express my appreciation for these activities, I set up an online donation.
From the monthly appreciation letters, we learned that the real needs of our brothers around
the world are being cared for through our donations.
Those letters made me feel that I'm working unidently with Jehovah's organization.
The important decision we made was to follow the advice of the Apostle Paul to really put
aside a specific value.
So we planned, we calculated our costs, analyzed the situation, we prayed on the subject, and
then we saw the importance of making a will.
Jehovah gave us everything.
So I think we're just returning what Jehovah gave us.
I've come to realize that in general that contributions are not a pocket condition but a heart condition.
Contributing to Jehovah's organization makes me happy.
It helps me to set a reminder each month to contribute because there's a lot that could
cause me to forget.
So setting the reminder helps me to remember to contribute towards Jehovah's organization.
It doesn't matter whether we contribute a lot or a little but what is important is that
we contribute with our whole heart.
That makes Jehovah very happy.
It is heartwarming to see how Jehovah's people follow the principle at 1 Corinthians 16
2 and set something aside regularly to show their Christian love for the worldwide association
of brothers.
These last days are bringing economic challenges to many of us, but please be assured that
Jehovah values what you do in his service no matter how small it may seem in your own
eyes.
It's our prayer that Jehovah continues to bless your practice of setting something aside.
Thank you for all you've done and continue to do.